You took me from my mother's lovin' arms.
I still had about a foot to grow.
Whoa-ooh, I must have been only maybe seventeen.
It was a very long time ago.

Actually we raised each other;
you, our kids and myself.
You wait 'til you become a part of me,
then you wanna put me on the shelf.
put me on a shelf

Woah, that first kiss you gave me, I still remember.
I was just a child, dear.
Your lips were so warm and tender.
That kiss, I'll always remember.
That was the first day we met.

I remember what the preacher said:
"Girl, will you be his wedded wife,
forever and ever
'n' stand beside that boy forever,
like for the rest of your natural life?"
for the rest of your life

You took my darlin' babies from me!
You really broke my heart in two!
God in heaven heaven knows knows that I love them!
And in your heart you know it's true!
know it's true

Oh, that first kiss you gave me, I still remember.
I was just a child. Your lips were so warm and tender.
That kiss, oh, I'll always remember.
That was the first day we met.
always remember, it's a kiss that I'll never forget

I don't remember too much about my cradle days. remember
Guess you could say I became a woman too fast. you grew up too fast, too fast
Whoa, what did I know? That you were the right man for me. that's what I knew
What did I know? I knew that I loved that man!
love that, love that, love that, love that man

Whoa, that first kiss you gave me, oh-o-o, how I still remember!
I was just a child, dear. Your lips were so warm and tender.
That kiss, I will always remember,
'cause that was the first day we met.
The first day we met, darlin' darlin', darlin' darlin', 
whoa darlin', the first day we met.

remember when
Whoa, I remember!
Come back, baby, let's talk it over!
remember when
Don't take your love away from me!
weeeeeee first met!
remember when
Come back, baby.
Oh, don't you wanna try it on one more time boy?
remember when
Let's talk it over. Let's talk it over!
weeeeeee first met!
remember when
Oh, how can I forget you?
Branded me! Scarred by your love!
remember when
That first kiss you gave me boy!
