Well I guess the best way

for me to begin, is, the other day

I was hanging with some friends.

Going around the room talking about our favorite noise,

I said I had a brother in the Backstreet Boys.

So everyone screamed:

"Hey is this some kind of trick?"

"Yeah, which one is he?"

The blond one Nick!

Then the cutest girl said:

"I have to see their show, but I have no ticket Aaron,

How can I go?"

Your wish is my command! See it's no problem hun,

In fact I'll get some tickets here for everyone.

All I gotta do is just pick up the celly, and it's a done-deal.

Let me call Nick and tell him.

By the way Aaron, if you could while you'll at it,

Can you hook up some seats for my friends and my parents?

So I said to myself, well heck, why not. There's nothing that

can beat the connection I got!



Chorus-(Sung by No Secrets)

Aaron, Oh Aaron

What are you going to do?

You make empty promises oh so big

How will you make them come true?

Aaron, Oh Aaron

What are we going to do with you?

Always making the bigger mistake

Always make him the fool



Aaron: Yo I gotta make this phone call

(Phone rings)

Nick: Hello?

Aaron: Yo Nick I need a favor from you dude!

I promised people tickets so you gotta come

through!

Nick: Sure bro, how many do you need?

Aaron: One, two, uhh three thousand three!

Nick: WHAT?!?! I can get you maybe a dozen!

You can't promise seats to everyone and their

cousin! What did you do, how did you get in to this

mess?

Aaron: I was talking to this girl....

Nick: Hold you're breath, I know the rest. I guess you

gotta get yourself a whole lotta money!

Aaron: For three thousand tickets Nick, that isn't funny!

How am I supposed to pull this off in so little time?

Nick: You got me Aaron, that's your problem, not mine!



Chorus



How in the world can he do that to me?!

I thought we were blood,! I thought we were family!

We're getting to the show, we'll get good seats

Everyone in the bus, get off you're coming with me!

I'm telling you guys, when we get to the gates,

He can never say no when he looks at my face



Aaron: Hook me up Nick man I swear I'll pay you back!

Nick: Come to think about it, we need an opening act.

Aaron: What do you want me to do? Tell jokes, dance or act?

Nick: Nah I want you on stage...I want you to rap.

Cause if you don't you gonna have some disapointed friends

And by the way you're on at eight, its when the show begins!



Chorus to fade



"Now...opening up for the backstreet boys...

give it up for Aaron Carter!!"